Conveyor Assembly Instructions


Assembly Tips:

Nuts go into the clean (non-charred) side better. 
370 Motors & solenoid have M3 8mm Long screws
385 Motors have an hard to find M2.6 x .45 size. 

Horizontal solenoid plate screws & guide screws are 5/8” 4-40
Finger guides are 4# 3/8” sheet metal screws for now. 
All other screws are ½” 4-40.

If a nut gets stuck squeezing between 2 coins helps. 
Only snug screws until everything it together, then finish tightening. 

Make a Belt:
The belts should be 95% the length of the distance between the motor shafts.
The glossy side should be the inside on the belt. The mat side is stickier. 
Cut 30mm wide belt:
	20cm Feeder/scanner Conveyor
	22cm short conveyor
	44.5cm hopper & accumulator conveyors
	104cm scanning conveyor

Heat seal (bond) smooth side in (Bright lighting helps)
I use an 8" $25 heat sealer for poly bags with a 2mm element.(3mm would be better)(A custom bonding rig would be nicer).
Scotch tape a 1mm overlap. 
Turn it inside out so the tape side is opposite the heating element before heat sealing. 
Heat seal 2 times to get the both side of the 1mm whole seam for .3mm thick
Heat seal 1 time for .15mm thick 
	On the dial I use a 2 setting for 0.15mm and 4.5 setting for 0.3mm
Remove Tape
Try not to heat seal a single layer area as this will thin it out. 
The clear belting is sticky. I sand all top plates with 220 sand paper. I wonder what grit is the best. 


Assembly Instructions:
	Put the 58mm shaft on the motor:
	Add the 17mm tubing coupling to the motor shaft. 
	Press 7mm on the motor (most of the way) 
	Add the 58mm 2mm shaft to this tubing, pressing about 7mm on. 
	There should be about a 2mm of tubing in the middle. 
Mount the motor:
To the Motor Rail 
With M3x.5 x 8mm long screws.
Cleaner side to the motor face. 
Screw on top plate to motor rail
Add solenoid plate to motor rail with one 5/8” screw
Add Middle Rail to top plate with 2 screws

Change this: it’s easier to then put on shafts, then belt, then side rail. 

If using guides:	
Add them with three 5/8” screws instead of two ½” screws
Guides need shim washers between the top plate and the guide
Add Side Rail to top plate with 2 screws
If using guides:	
Add them with three 5/8” screws instead of two ½” screws
Guides need shim washers between the top plate and the guide
Tighten guides with guide spacer in-between. 
Add shorter 42mm long 2mm shaft with 3/16 spacer pulleys:
	2 longer spacers on the end, and one shorter spacer in the middle. 
Put the belt on.
Add motor end plate
Add end plate
Final screw tightening:
Squeeze the side rails together when tightening the end plates. 
Don’t tighten top plate super tight as it will crown. 

Belt change:
Take off the end plates. 
Find a way to make it so you don’t have to take off the end plates? 
3 ½ minutes to change the belt with taking the end plates off. 
Squeeze the side rails together when tightening the end plates. 
